---
title: "From 2024 to 2025"
date: 2025-01-22
slug: "from-2024-to-2025"
author: "Pablo García Ortega"
tags: ["2024 Highlights", "2025 Goals", "Personal Growth", "New Year Aspirations", "Life Reflections", "Travel", "Healthy Living", "Financial Planning", "Career Development"]
description: "Reflecting on the milestones of 2024 and setting ambitious goals for 2025, this post dives into personal growth, career aspirations, health priorities, and future plans, including travel, finances, and learning new skills."
---


2024 ended various weeks ago, not a good end of year because my family caught the flu virus, but we are better now. Today is when I have found the time to stop and think about the achievements in 2024 and what do I expect from 2025.
Looking back at 2024, I think **it was a good average year**, maybe a little too stable but stability is a good thing.

## Highlights from 2024
I have achieved a couple of things that I proposed myself last year:
* **Reading more books:** I have read 12 books in 2024. 
* **Blogging:** I haven't been writing on this blog as much as I wanted. Ten posts in a year is good, but I still need to find the right topics that I'm passionate about and I enjoy writing about, I hope that 2025 brings me more inspiration. 
* **Traveling:** I went to Venetia for carnival and it was amazing. 
* **Professionally:** There weren't big changes, but at the end of the year I was stressed out with my work. All that stressful situations gave me some perspective on where I am in my career and where I want to be in the near future. 
* **I gained weight again this year:** I need to make changes ASAP because I cant continue like this. 
* **My finances are good but not outstanding:** I need to improve my savings and income if I want to buy a house, for example. 
* **My personal and family life:** This is the area where I'm most satisfied. I have a loving and healthy family and my girlfriend is the love of my life. That makes up for everything else.

## Goals for 2025
The next list of things are the ones I want to focus on this 2025:
* **Keep my family happy and healthy:** IMHO if you have a good family and friends that love you, you have almost everything you need. 
* **Improve my finances:** I want to buy a house for me and my girlfriend soon so I need the financial power to do so. 
* **Travel a little bit more than the last year:** This year begun really great because in the first month I have gone to Edinburgh. 
* **Read at least 12 books this year.** 
* **Exercise and eat healthy:** I need to put to an end this gaining weight thing. I need to focus on myself and became more fit.
* **Study more:** I need to focus on passing a few courses in college. 
* **Reduce my working hours in my full time job:** because I feel that I'm losing a lot of my time seated in front of a computer and that makes me sad. 
* **Learn a little bit of Norwegian from my girlfriend:** I've been wanting this for a couple of year, but it is hard to skip time together to study a language.

### Conclusion

Well, not much of a post but i wanted to write in paper all the things I expect from 2025 and look back at 2024 to see for what things have been done. I hope 2025 is a good year for me and for all of us.

